Queues/Jobs Documentation (#389)
vapor/docs: 4.0/docs/queues/scheduling-jobs.md

# Scheduling Jobs

> The Jobs package also allows you to schedule jobs to occur at certain points in time.

Reviewer: Rename
```suggestion
The Queues package also allows you to schedule jobs to occur at certain points in time.
```

|-----------------|---------------------------------------|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| `yearly()`      | `in(_ month: Month) -> Monthly`       | The month to run the job in. Returns a `Monthly` object for further building.  |
| `monthly()`     | `on(_ day: Day) -> Daily`             | The day to run the job in. Returns a `Daily` object for further building.      |
| `weekly()`      | `on(_ weekday: Weekday) -> Daily` | The day of the week to run the job on. Returns a `Daily` object.               |
| `daily()`       | `at(_ time: Time)`                    | The time to run the job on. Final method in the chain.                         |
|                 | `at(_ hour: Hour24, _ minute: Minute)`| The hour and minute to run the job on. Final method in the chain.              |
|                 | `at(_ hour: Hour12, _ minute: Minute, _ period: HourPeriod)` | The hour, minute, and period to run the job on. Final method of the chain |
| `hourly()`      | `at(_ minute: Minute)`                 | The minute to run the job at. Final method of the chain.                      |

## Available helpers 

> Jobs ships with some helpers enums to make scheduling a bit easier: 

Reviewer: Rename and be more assertive

```suggestion
Queues ships with some helpers enums to make scheduling easier: 
```
